Add local development Documentation (#1840)
Azure/iotedge-lorawan-starterkit: docs/user-guide/station-module-configuration.md

| FIXED_STATION_EUI         | Provides the ability to start the Basics Station with a fixed EUI | No (if not set, the Basics Station built-in logic will be used for generating a EUI) |
| STATION_PATH              | A string identifying the path of the folder where the compiled `station.std` binary for Basics Station is located | No (if not set, defaults to `/basicstation` folder)          |
| LOG_LEVEL                 | A string setting the desired log level for the Basics Station binary. Allowed values: XDEBUG,DEBUG,VERBOSE,INFO,NOTICE,WARNING,ERROR,CRITICAL | No (if not set, defaults to INFO) |

> | LOCAL_DEVELOPMENT         | A boolean indicating wheter the Network Server is running locally in Visual Studio for debuging purposes | No (if not set, defaults to False) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| LOCAL_DEVELOPMENT         | A boolean indicating whether the Network Server is running locally in Visual Studio for debugging purposes | No (if not set, defaults to False) |
```
